It had been about six months since she had gone out. She would have to shake the dust off he club clothes but it would be fun to go out dancing with her bestie.
OK I’ll go. 

Two and a half hours later Autumn and Violet walked into the club. 

Purple lights swirled around the first floor. Bodies swayed to the heavy bass of the music.  The DJ was on a platform the the left that looked large enough for a live band. To the right a long padded bench lined the wall with small a small table and chair placed ever four feet or so for additional seating.  Behind the long padded bench was the stairway to the second floor. Straight ahead was the bar.  
I know where I’m headed first. Autumn said nodding toward the bar.
Shots! Shots! Shots! Good idea Violet agreed as they both started to weave there way through the sea of people on the dance floor.

Two vodka shots later Autumn felt a tingle down her back as if someone had caressed her. She turned around looking for the asshole who tried to cop a feel but no one was there.  Still she felt something.
“Autumn?” Vi called of the music. You ok?
“Yeah” Autumn said toying with her necklace. I just… It’s nothing. Its just been a while since Ive been out.
Oh ok well lets go shake the rust off. Vi grabbed my had and we headed back to the floor.
Three bass throbbing, waist winding, hip shaking songs later I still couldn’t shake the tingle down my back. 
I need a drink. Water.
Ok. I’ll come with.
No. Its ok.  Im a big girl. Besides the cutie in the hat is checking you out. Have fun.
Autumn just needed a moment to shake off the weird feeling. Plus the dance floor was packed and she had to get some air.  Autumn had no idea where she was going she just had to get away from the crowd. Absent minded she walked toward seating area but continued past the padded bench to the staircase and headed for the club’s second floor balcony. The second floor provided a birds eye view of the dance floor below.  She could see Violet slow grinding on the Spurs hat cutie.  Autumn wished she could be so care free. Even now the tingle in her spine was spreading down her legs. And she was started to feel a bit light headed. Now was not the time for a panic attack. Autumn took one step backwards away from the rail and turn to head for a seat at the bar. Instead of a clear path Autumn hit a brick wall and stumbled backward against the rails. Her heels rolled and she braced for a humiliating fall. The crash never came. In a blink she was pulled forward and pressed against the brick wall again. But this time she felt a hand against her spine and the tingle started to spread through her body. 
 His dark wavy hair fell in front of his eyes like a curtain. But beyond that wavy veil were the most seductive pair of blue eyes starring at her.  His eye seemed to glow in the club lights. At second glance that wasnt seduction in those blue eyes it was anger.
Im so sorry. Im not feeling… Nevermind I’ll just get out of your way. 
The hand on Autumn spine pressed her even more firmly against the stranger before letting go.
Please. Im the one who should watch where theyre going. I apologize for my clumsiness. Let me buy you a drink. Im River.
Im Autumn but Im just drinking water and I need to head back to my friend, Autumn said gesturing toward the dance floor below. 
The young lady with the purple hair? I saw you dancing with her. Why don’t I buy a drink for both of you and I’ll walk you back to your friend to we can have a little time to talk.
Ok. That is very nice of you.